# Tambo 1.0: Open-source toolkit for agents that render React components

**Author:** grouchy
**Published:** Tue, 10 Feb 2026 20:16:12 +0000
**Link:** https://github.com/tambo-ai/tambo
**GUID:** https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=46966182
**Tags:** 

---

## Summary

Hi HN — cofounder Michael here.
We've been building Tambo for about a year, and just released our 1.0.
We make are making it easier to register React components with Zod schemas, a build an agent picks the right one and renders the right props.
We handle many of the complications with building generative user interfaces like: managing state between the user, the agent, and react component, rendering partial props, and we handle auth between your user, and MCP. We also support adding MCP servers and most of the spec.
We are 100% open-source and currently have 8k+ GitHub stars, thousands of developers, and over half-millions messages processed by our hosted service.
If you're building AI agents with generative UI, we'd like to hear from you.
Comments URL: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=46966182
Points: 56
# Comments: 15

---

## Content


<p>Hi HN — cofounder Michael here.<p>We've been building Tambo for about a year, and just released our 1.0.<p>We make are making it easier to register React components with Zod schemas, a build an agent picks the right one and renders the right props.<p>We handle many of the complications with building generative user interfaces like: managing state between the user, the agent, and react component, rendering partial props, and we handle auth between your user, and MCP. We also support adding MCP servers and most of the spec.<p>We are 100% open-source and currently have 8k+ GitHub stars, thousands of developers, and over half-millions messages processed by our hosted service.<p>If you're building AI agents with generative UI, we'd like to hear from you.</p>
<hr>
<p>Comments URL: <a href="https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=46966182">https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=46966182</a></p>
<p>Points: 56</p>
<p># Comments: 15</p>


---

**ISO Date:** 2026-02-10T20:16:12.000Z